

Imma keep the car running. Ay, look man, me and C's ain't outta here in five minutes. Fuck that, we in and out this bitch, nigga. You just make sure you on bullshit when you in that safe. I got the lobby, nigga. Rool boy, you know what to do. Tell Cass you need to set the safe off. In and out, don't be in there fucking around. Anybody locked and loaded? Cock the faux pom in the 74, pull my mask down like you ready to go. Let off a couple rounds soon as I hit the door. Air fight laying down, get down on the floor. Don't do nothing stupid, you know what we here for. All the money is it, sure. We ain't gotta kill folks. Don't be a tough guy, tryna be a hero, bro. 

Bitch, we got some food now, two niggas a fucking joke. I got the dope, niggas just gon' get the dope. Crack them in the head with the burner just to let them know. Made in these gun for wild, had to fire the gun. Caught in reaching for the silent alarm. Hopped a counter on the telegram, got a bitch bout to earn. Put the gun to her head then I asked where they came shit. And the safe deposit boy show me the way. Cracked open the safe, double bad check. Cleaned out your accounts and your assets. And I was turning bumps like a bad check. 

Cock the faux pom in the 74, pull my mask down like you ready to go. Let off a couple rounds soon as I hit the door. Air fight laying down, get down on the floor. Bank, bank, bank jag, straight, straight, straight jag. Bank, bank, bank jag, bank jag, everybody lay down, get down on the floor. 

Get a bird out, hit a loose canvas. High speed chasing, Imma loose panning. Man, them cop cars quick, but we move faster. Or they put down the swive strip true pass. Both telling me to drive, bitch that has it. Man, fuck this shit, I bout to do damage. I lit a whole clip off, two scatties. Out the back of the window like you bastard. Making love to the money is my true passion. Shit, I'm trying to stuff a hundred in my new mattress. Cause if they catch us, they gon' send us to a new clinic. 

I'm parking ball jacks and no jam, hold this motherfucker steady room. Don't crash, cause this is bitch loose. Control the proof's plan, cop lights in the rear view. Clash and open up the jaggers, if that pack's your new mask. Cock the faux pom in the 74, pull my mask down like you ready to go. Let off a couple rounds soon as I hit the door. Everybody lay down, get down on the floor. Bank, bank, bank jag, straight, straight, straight jag. Bank, bank, bank jag, everybody lay down, get down on the floor.