

Ziggs running boys, 227 concrete, this world working K.O. King, Dan King, Lox, they still can't believe that was my face they seen on them TV screens. Mr. B.B. King, got out to a slow start. Now I'm gaining speed, took off, about to take the lead on the 7 with them K.O. Kings. So Mr. Guess List check my name off at K.O.D's. Everything on me, we party like little kings where we going from breakfast, nothing but the either things. In that 6 speed switching gears, get your boy the next year, I bet I'll be in the bend. Create pay for still working, staying busy with my fam put up on the outskirts of the city. Big A wholesale, twerking in the spizzy with my man Juno on Burger Joy Vinny, they wonder that I could be dropped to work on the squeezy and come up off the pea, but it's a goddamn skit. Branch out the mall with a bag full of sneaks, fockers for the cash on six. Bag in the car, got a stash for the heat. Yeah, I like the glass on the beat plus a goodie bag full of drinks. Running through the bag in a place, we want to toss big trash in this cheap. Hot chocolate niggas have a 10 and my crew's a hundred thou. I had to have Bad bitch with me like 9 on the side. Keep a Big Mac, no fries on the side, just hundreds, 20s, 50s, no fives in the rack. I sent a dime to my bitch through the ones in the car, 40 here, only 47 in the car. I can't really remember, I know his number's on the car. I know it's not a 300, shoot both bitch niggas Bose of the Cush 6,000. All day I've been counting, I swear all day I've been spending. My whole fucking life I've been winning, I want to live right still sending. My whole school need a new engine, I'm trying to stack ass cause the street niggas have no pensions. Cash rules everything around me, I mean that I find the things in my patted dungeness. I can score the cash and receipts, cash and receipts, cash and receipts, yeah. 

Been a block getting drunk in the bins, I'm burning rubber like it came with the rims. But y'all don't hear me though, haters in my way, but I don't see them bro. So over the top, I don't see the flow, so many bitches, I don't need a hoe. But I need batteries cause my celly low, and I need a new phone cause my celly broke. All of my life I was selling though, catch me in the D with a pelly coat. Running from the cops pointing at me yelling, there you go, I ain't going back. You already know, I got a daughter to feed. She likes cereal, Caddy Power Wheel trucks with the stereo. Some say it's just material, but how I made it all reality was a miracle. I can't say it enough, you might as well say it with us. Cause if you did then I wouldn't have to say it as much. Just kind of creature stop playing with it, just kind of put on bricks. Feel block, feel block, still getting it. I'm still counting, I don't make it on paper. All day I'm still on three, I'm still on three, I'm still on seven, I'm still on three.