

227, Haroon, my soul can't create. It's enticing, just try it. Everybody's doing it, I promise you a life. Don't fight, hurry up and buy it. I went through it and the fear matted up and tied it. Tight right as the kite you flying. Swimming through the sky and me on the copilot. I'm about to put a few hoes inside the pyran. Big cut on the stove and light the pilot. Send the blocks in the kitchen on white bricks. Keep the pie skillet chisel when the ice pit works. Ready, rock, water whipping with the right wrist. Let it lock when I hit it with them ice chips. Roll I show dope on the night shift. Ice cold with the flow, roll you the nice one. With the polite, seeking heat so fine. They planted, they tried to take my weakness for a candy. In the streets I'm reminded of times when they tried to throw my people they can find. Water fame, it was good benefit damage. Then came that strong word, we called Cassin. 50 for live man with 50s and 9s. In front land, we get all hassens. Criminal man, take a nigga brick slapper. Then sell it back to him after I robbed. But that dirty blurb, call her Dolly Park, whole lot of flur. Yeah girl, the arts, natural's one star. Roll out the red carpet after I swirl these drugs. Then I'ma charge a fortune, let her flutter her jaw. Just for her enjoyment, we split a party ball. I took the larger portion, why you under Boston? Find an unemployment, is you working hard? Or is you hollering what? D-O-E-N-C-R-E-A-T-U-R-E. It's who y'all ring, other splits and zits get two balls free. But it's there to spend and you bought X-Bones you here for 10, that's 2.3. Short of a half, I sure that you 0.3. Plus the big, get a half for the 3. That's 17 and a half, short of a O-Z, oh boy. Now do the math with me, that would be subtract a half in 3. And a half, exactly, that's at least a half to stack you tweeze. That's at least a cash you stack the weeds. If that was me, I'd a grab that half for 3. And my little teeth are short and stout. Here is my handle, here is my style. When I hit a team's up, I just show, zips me over and pull me out. Nick went porcelain pour when it rock up. If I get caught with this, I know I'm getting locked up. Just knowing that is why I remain humble. It's like a juggle sometimes that make me wonder how people going underneath the lock. Cause I'm from the street, that's kind of creatures I use, king. 

But that dirty blurb, call her Dolly Park, whole lot of flur. Yeah girl, the arts, natural's one star. Roll out the red carpet after I swirl these drugs. Then I'ma charge a fortune, let her flutter her jaw. Just for her enjoyment, we split a party ball. I took the larger portion, why you under Boston? Find an unemployment, is you working hard? Or is you hollering what? D-O-E-N-C-R-E-A-T-U-R-E. It's who y'all ring, other splits and zits get two balls free. But it's there to spend and you bought X-Bones you here for 10, that's 2.3. Short of a half, I sure that you 0.3. Plus the big, get a half for the 3. That's 17 and a half, short of a O-Z, oh boy. Now do the math with me, that would be subtract a half in 3. And a half, exactly, that's at least a half to stack you tweeze. That's at least a cash you stack the weeds. If that was me, I'd a grab that half for 3. And my little teeth are short and stout. Here is my handle, here is my style. When I hit a team's up, I just show, zips me over and pull me out. Nick went porcelain pour when it rock up. If I get caught with this, I know I'm getting locked up. Just knowing that is why I remain humble. It's like a juggle sometimes that make me wonder how people going underneath the lock. Cause I'm from the street, that's kind of creatures I use, king.