

It's kind creatures. Detroit. Yeah. 227. Him one. Stand up. King James. A lot works. There you are, kneel on one knee, pray all hell that sha' is off. If y'all feel y'all won't beep them, I'ma beep them. I'm hard to kill, so call real killers who can't shoot. I draw steel and plus he make y'all tell the naked truth. I'm a tall hill, kind creature, living proof. With the brute strength of a god and his angels too. I can bring you back to life or I can take you through the emergency room and you won't make it through to the surgery room. When I enable you, leave you hurt, wounded, crippled or disabled you. You silver spoon, thin god bless through at his own. That's why I feed niggas with a long handle spoon. When I got the bag, I left some room. So when they bite my hand, the hammer boom. The fire in pen, I lie bless the soul. I see you at the crossroads, only Lord know. 

On Jay Zu Street, the university, a six mom, you a D-mercy. Clash of the titans, Lord have mercy. Only because they money hungry and they blood thirsty. Catch a silver bullet, dead in your mud, cause I'm still in the hood selling vampire drugs. 

On Jay Zu Street, the university, a six mom, you a D-mercy. Got a couple murder mommies that'll set you up with some perfect bodies that might let you fuck. I'm in the bourbon with the time he left the tape with Dutch. While he swerving in the money with the Gun 10. No being neat, C4 TNT, high grade, tri-nitrate, toluene. Nightmare before Christmas, Halloween. If you wake up taped up, it's not a dream. 

From Gun 10, Glenfield, Charlamagne, not in Hemharpe, but Chalmers, Plum, Hollow Lane. Still hustling, but the game not the same. When you the only one playing, it's not a game. On them back streets, still committing crimes. Just so happened the revolution was televised. No red thinking, no testifying, cause Botap will the evolution of pesticide. 

On Jay Zu Street, the university, a six mom, you a D-mercy. Clash at the tightest, Lord have mercy. Homey cause they money hungry and they blood thirsty. Catch a silver bullet, spit in your mud cause I'm still in the hood selling vampire drugs. On Jay Zu Street, the university, a six mom, you a D-mercy.