

Hello, what's up, mama? Good. Spend a minute, no time, no sleep. Everybody good? Cheers, man. That's all you wanna do. That's what's up, man. Oh, yeah, that's pretty good. Taste, taste and coat of packing up that raw uncut. It's the only way they could ever say that I lost my touch. Check my resume, I been bossing up. Push it heavy weight, let me see you toss it up. In your necklace jake, I'm just warming up. Kicked off my jays, took off my nadaka. Her body's calling me, she ends in my jeans. Did I win hard for a hour and some change. Got up and did. 

The funny thing about it, it was so wet that I left my chain on a nightstand, with my ID and my wallet. What if it's a one nightstand, and I never see her again? Fuck that bitch, I'm talking about my piece of my chain. As I look down from the window seat of my plane, thinking of you, wondering if you think in a jam. Honey, I love you. 

Money, money, money, you know what I do, and what I do, when it come to you, cause my love is true. Are you asleep in love with me, as I'm in love with you? I wanna do, you wanna do, what I wanna do. Long as I'm with you, it's whatever you wanna do, cause it's not your job. 

It don't matter, no matter what we going through, we gotta get over it. I can't get over you. Fuck genie, I used to dream I own a youth. Now we in the Guinea, no roof, and the Porsche blue. Crib off the west coast with the ocean view, sipping martinis on the roof with the old crew, smoking, toasting champagne flukes, to the good light. Everything we been through, in the hood nights, carrying a pistol, rolling, hoping, that things change soon. 

Caught another charge, with a gun and some hard. I shot for the stars, and landed on the moon. While you lost in the sauce and don't have a cloak. I always been a boss, never ever been a goon. Niggas out of touch, better get in tune, and tune into me and Mrs. Jones. Cause honey, I love you. 

Money, money, money, you know what I do, and what I do, when it come to you, cause my love is true. All you is leave in love with me, is I'm in love with you. I wanna do, you wanna do, what I wanna do. Long as I'm with you, it's whatever you wanna do, cause it's not your job.