

Bring that, bring that, bring that in here bro A.P. from 46th Street. Kind creatures body lies on the neighborhood two two seven. From Detroit to Pontiac, Bowtown to Dose City. Decoys and copycats profiling, boy and Nick, yeah. Blowing sticky, getting blowed off a gamble. Got them snoring fickies here. Fros on that year but getting money never tricking with these trick hoes. Why you tipping 20s to these strippers and these pimples? I'm spending 24s, 24k gold spinning. Henne getting hissy from your main hoes, getting busy to the river mother tempo. Or we in this busy with them digis and them pinstalls to University Drive. Say Nick take a deuce and he turn into fat. You can call him Chris Queen in this murder disguise. If you fuck up my jingles get worried or laugh. No cans, get shoes, no shirt and no ties, just concrete shoes, river currents and ties. Cause I'm the dope man. Hell block I went in with a bachelor's in every jang and left out with a master's in cocaine. Sevens off six, hard at a quarter tier. Eleven off ten, Jordan with short appeal, that's 999 quadruple stacks. The one I owe per say that's a brick of X at $3 a piece, get him for 50 cents. You need to holler at me 110% out of the profit I reap, the other 140 I'm bout to pocket a G, I bought a Glock for it. Caliber handgun 150 for my mans, spent the I 250 on a ounce again. Sold 10 25s and a hundred cent, made a hundred bucks pros plus my money back. The man get my balls spent 50 on this Glock, got a half O again left on the block. I'm the dope man. That bright mow brick lay up, boss keep my big homie from the set seat. Bo he get your money and the rest is smooth sailing the boat in the set seat. The food catered, the coke full of crystal and glue vapors, so got em on deck with new papers on top of all racks. Couple hundred thin, you lay a stick. Fuck the rubber bands, we need some paper clips. The money coming in with them cars going out and on the other end my dog wanna own of that purple cuz, put it in the wind. What you working with, shit what you trying to spend? It's 575, I ride kinda slow on I75, I I95. I might shove a late dodge with these sticks and I'm the dope man.