

I grew up a fucking screw up. Got introduced to the game watching my grandmother shoot up. And the veins popping and skiing, pull out the syringe at the table head not in the gate. And my grandfather was a gangster, being a road chain with the cross and an anchor taught me talk was cheap. Look both ways before I cross the street and don't park the streets, and how to wrap my bike at five years old. He let me go when he took off the trainings. I learned how to count for playing dominoes, slimming the bones when I put him on the chase. Then I lost time in my next door neighbor, her own brother choked in the death after he raped her. Do hard times mama rape the hill raiser? Besides guard themself, nothing to save. 

I shed so many tears up, but niggas can't admit it. Cause they ain't living. I hate to say this ain't living. So many years under pressure made me vision a better living. Type a place to raise kids in. Most of my peers still in jail. I ain't living dead or in prison. Upstate, putting they vision where you gotta make the second decision. I'm just trying to escape from this hell that we live in. This a youth niggas been violent. They send my roots to be slick and defiant. It's the truth from the shit you can't deny it. To the rich with loot serving niggas to my clients. Got a folk pimp to shoot on my strip moving silent. First to come, last to leave till my work is done and I stash my cheese. The city is mine, betrayed city of crime. 

Nick Bruno a silverback gorilla and a lap silk and black on spinners. Matched in a silk and black chinchilla, strapped with the magnum, silk and black on the wrong nigga. This for my con, we just doing life. This con, who's just saying it's white. It's the parrot I'm a psycho in these streets. Gotta feed terrorist troops entirely than your rig. For parrots I got a rifle they speak. They'll perish, I'll put that on the Bible. They sleeping, this con creatures fighting on nigga genius. 

I shed so many tears up, but niggas can't admit it. Cause they ain't living. I hate to say this ain't living. So many years under pressure made me vision a better living. Type of place the regs is in. Most of my peers still in jail. I ain't living dead or in prison, upstate, putting their beers in. Where you gotta make miss second decisions. Just tryna escape from this hell that we live in.