

We drop the bags, count the stacks, we keep winning, I gotta laugh, not bad for some street niggas. We poppin' tags, rockin' premium dims. If you bought this cash, then my nigga let's get it, drop out at 14, gettin' street ones, doin' the Charlie Sheen on these fuckin' streets month. 

I love buddy streets, drinkin' in the streets, love, love a boy tryna see it on your fuckin' people. I'm broke five times soon, with that three times three, on the joint slangin' balls like the UFC. My nigga, you can't kill, but you fricks can't see, I'm on the broad doin' shows from Atlanta to Greece, so I be keepin' the peace, they be callin' me Gandhi. 

And once I get in a doze, my nigga's comin' behind me, fuck that they masha, beside me, y'all catchin' one fucker cover, I be keepin' it gangsta, even though I fucks with the brothers, I wear my art on my sleeves, with a chain on my neck, I put my life on the line, that's how I earn my respect, I'm in Southwest, yeah, I'm a dopest kid, so get the fuck out the way, a golf, cut me a chick, Joe, I flow like a dog, but I be actin' a donkey, might be fat, might be ugly, but all I pretty ones want man, Joe. 

These moths, why they gettin' money, that's a leech dummy, I'm in that old school, stuntin' on the streets, muh. You drive the best, count the stacks, we keep winnin', I gotta laugh, not bad for some street niggas, you poppin' tag, rockin' premium dinner, if you bought this cash, then my nigga let's get it, drop out his work, take it, get the street money, doin' the trolley sheen on these fuckin' streets, muh, got love for the streets, and the streets love, for goin' trolley sheen on these fuckin' streets, muh. 

Me and my broke dog, Laura, on a off the court, be ballin' on them soaps, hard I caught a trolley horse, I'm on that money train, 10 in my cargo shorts, at the train station, chain swingin' on minority shirts, I need a vacation, I'm takin' off from work, cause when they need a heavy weight, I'm who they call it first, stealin' stress and tryin' to make it work, I know I should quit while I'm a heavy, for y'all niggas in my paperwork, I'm terrified of thieves, allergic to the homicide, they got me sweatin' bullets, I'm breakin' iron and high, soldiers die once, a coward dies a thousand times, I be awed for the deep, caught me Mr. outta drag, I talk to Louie P. He up be outta fire, them boys on the think choppin' niggas down the side, black hottie, Lillie Trey in the summertime, that's Southfield Service Drive North, M39. 

You drop the bags, count the stacks, we keep winnin', I got a lab not paid for some street niggas, we poppin' tag, rockin' premium deals, if you bought this cash, then my nigga let's get it, dropped out at 14, eat the street work, doin' the trolley scene on this fuckin' grease month, I got love for the streets, and the streets left, I'm goin' trolley scene on this fuckin' grease month.