

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My baby mama talkin shit while I'm trying to roll a gun. Salkin cause she call me show my daughter how to hold a gun. Bitch blew my high now rolling up another one. Love my daughter. But that's why I say I gotta have a son. 

Now here come moonie hit me on the horn like 8 counts. Go get up with Chuck at the studio and hang out. It's all good. And I ain't saying don't bring the Pranga out. But if you do it anyway, I'll probably do the safety route. 

I'm like I got shit on my shit. I feel like rap. I've got to get on the ground. Got a call from a county. Holler that pub. She said she need Friday walk. Trying to addy that up. But my first man is telling me to kill the day. 

Slick as hot cause the shoot is on the block anyway. I ain't fucking with you. No. Everybody talkin through the neighborhood no more. The whole neighborhood is cold out here and naked in snow clothes. Call us when you're coming in or it's gonna be down. It is when you touch it down. We'll start the whole neighborhood. 

It's cold out here and naked in snow clothes. Call us when you're coming in or it's gonna be down. It is when you touch it down. We'll start the world. White women here. What do you want my head? I'm behind on some wheels and this nigga owe me some bread. Four jaws, some pills. And in the bar with some red. Got the right man to kill a nigga dead as it's going out. 

It got down with the LEP bogus boy, man. And we don't call it count. Cause it's report card. Shot to the deep. Them boys for a hard shot. Addin to the body count. Beat it in car choice. On the real. E-hone run the fence. Pony did a dime piece. Not just beatin a sart chart. Why? Cause Bode get Filoni into sports bars. 

It's cold but them snow blowers and them sports cards. Just split splashed in polos and sun jumps. With this big ass faux faux on my lawn jones. Checkin in this thing to stay in them courtyard. And it's time future Bode James from Detroit girls. The bro. 

The whole neighborhood. It's cold out here and naked in snow clothes. Call us when you're coming in or it's gonna be down. And that's where we touch you man, boys.