

Yes, the lights, the lock. And it's not surprising. I ain't been asleep in a few days. I damn near died twice and almost got caught up in two rags. Shipping crazy the last two days. I can't even lie. The lights cut off and my daughter needs some new jays. The work short of eight. Got a squirt on the way. Duck at first 48 on the corner by the new way. Me and C.U.B.E. moved up in that new thing. The nigga rinsed up and that's when that 22 rags. He start busting. We put dark stuff and hit a parked car. Pulling out the parking lot structure. I'm more of a good look over at my cousin starting noticing blood. Trying to see where it's coming from. Pushed over the truck. Put his arms on the stomach. Then he gave me that look. That's from all of a sudden. The expression on his face went blank. And it's sad to say. I'm the one that got a palace. Little brother that he died over nothing. And then they saw my fault and the worst part is. I never got to tell him that I love him. Did my homework. Phone thought who it was. I caught him coming out the club. Walked up and got the dumping like fuck. Point blank range. Niggas in Detroit ain't changed. This drug zone kind creature Bobby James. Two ahead setting their point game. I don't want no cheer. But I did that day and I don't know how to feel. Took my heart away and I don't want no fear. Like I did that day, came to a place I love. Made me fall away. I've been ahead of my peers since the teenage start. But boom it's better to give than receive them slugs. Trying to live with no regrets. I forgive but I don't forget and don't think I will. I'd rather bleed for the day I kneel. It'll be a cold day in hell. There's no way in hell. The only way to feel when I shoot my gun is six million ways to kill. Choose one. 

Ever lost a loved one? You never understand love till you lose one. Coming from where I'm from. We die young, risk freedom, live blasphemous. Got some young kind creatures in for calendars. Who last court date was May 9th. Ain't no out dates, it just saved life. Can't sleep at night. It can't eat period. Thinking this can't be life, you can't be serious. But I'm serious as a heart attack. It was the spirit with them that brought them back. If you get arrested more than cardiac, when it get hectic, you get targeted. And I'm serious as a heart attack. Serious as a heart attack. We must have had it, that's where it started at. It'll be serious as a heart attack. I won't look here. But I did that thing and I don't know how to feel. It's getting more hard to wait. Like I do that thing, things to cleanse our love. Love, love, love, love.