

76,000, real recognized real Yeah bang us, be real recognized See ya see, 40 blocks you better Recognize real See ya see, both each you better Recognize real See ya see, Banga boy you better Recognize real I hear your lips moving, if you real prove it. You with the movement pledge allegiance like the Constitution. Make the sacrifice, good in your contribution. To force your other real was birthed from the mass confusion. 

Gotta shoot me before I commit mutiny. And truthfully speaking, got the devil imbuking me. No disputing me, no discrepancy. I choose to make moons that only few got the recipe. 

If you rule my dude, you ain't gotta ask. I'm right there with my tool and a pot of mass. It ain't about the cash, it's all about the bond. I stay on some concrete shit, pros and cons. 

You ever call my number fam, better know it's on. Lord, you stay, even when the go is gone. I never cried when the milk got spilled. We push it for meals, signed to seal. 

Real recognize real. It's kill if you kill, then I die for the life familiar. It's real in the field. And on the real for real, y'all niggas looking real unfamiliar. And real recognize real. 

Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug paraphernalia. Survive, but only few leave the tail part. Bitch, it's Bluntell's blue cups of bullshit. I ain't Mr. Perfect, but the illest on the circuit. 

I'm with the games we missing. My emergence has changed things up. With the patience of a surgeon, I operate on verses. Confiscate your earnest, you hear the cock burners. Then you realize it's too late to start running. 

I'm fucking with goons on the regular. I got it hooked up on the tools, the new heckler. I'll wet you up. Once I get my decibels up, I'm to the good. They say pressure bust pipe, they stress in the hood. 

And once somebody rough is misunderstood. He was pissed cause his man ain't giving dibs on the plug. Running your jibs, get the steel in your mug. Where I'm from, that's how we handle that. Get drilled by a slug, real is what real does. 

Show love and don't never let nothing come between. Anything above, real, recognize, real. It's kill or be killed and I die for the life familiar. It's real in the field. And on the real for real, y'all niggas looking real unfamiliar. And real, recognize, real. 

Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug paraphernalia. Survive with only few litre tail part benches. Bluntell's blue cups of bullshit. Back in old Ford, fell off like a bad bachelorette. Probably was worth a half track of more, more or less. 

Bumps back off that last basketball. Let my nuts hang, had to drag my balls, paws. No entry fee cover charge, COD. No credit ever to master card, my dog. 

Vodily the deeper disregard. Anything kinda coming between is thing of ours. R.I.P. saw a gazelle, we the mob. Charles ain't doing good job, so now I'm taking charge. 

One for the money, hell block, hella gun. Two is for you, and your dude's trying to undercut me. Cut me out, but they just a bunch of understudents. Came up under me and we love him, it's buddy, buddy. 

Buddies, ride or die, getting to the money. Never seen an eye to eye, my vision is 20-20. Real, recognize, real. Cara-cream, T.U. 7, we the 7-1. All dogs going to have you, six-mo. Real niggas do real things, real block.